my beautiful friends I would like to
introduce you to Christian Grey Oh No
we started this book club to stimulate
our minds from what I hear this book is
quite stimulating that's not mine I've
never seen that before
honestly this is nasty have you ever
been spanked
huh this book has got me in a total
tizzy come in the zip ties are you
thinking about tying me up what nothing
is just did four more each were meant to
have sex God I wouldn't do what he does
to our bodies speak for yourself
well that was not God that was dr.
nazaria you just need to put your stuff
out here judge - yes whatever you love
like with these tips do you need
anything else you're on the man of your
dreams is just a click away
no I don't I'm fine thank you yep slim
Arthur Ron what's it been 40 years since
when do you eat ice cream I got a brain
for his beer give that to a professional
God it's the first day so put on
something sexy just be comfortable
that's too comfortable right
well hey I love my mana friends
[Music]
everybody remembers their first kiss how
about I tell you about my best kiss
maybe that hasn't happened yet
I never thought I'd be back here again
is it as good as you remember
maybe better
[Music]
mom you need to be a little bit
realistic there's a man out there who
makes me feel things that I didn't think
we're still possible you want a better
at this than you think
maybe things with us will go bust but
that's life and I'm not through living
Minds just yet
[Music]
I can't believe you put viagra in my
beer I'm gonna need you to step out of
the vehicle I don't think that's a good
idea of sir
[Music]
okay enjoy your night you do thank you